outfit "Hai Squall Cooling"
	category "Systems"
	cost 93500
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid nitrogen hai"
	"mass" 25
	"outfit space" -25
	"cooling" 41
	description "With the escalation of their war against the Wanderers, the Unfettered understood that the Sunbeams were causing them problems partly due to the heat their ships were subject to. The Squall cooling system was their answer, larger than their previus coolings but also much more efficent."

outfit "Hai Zephyr Cooling"
	category "Systems"
	cost 38000
	thumbnail "outfit/water cooling hai"
	"mass" 14
	"outfit space" -14
	"cooling" 21
	description "After the introduction of the Ionic Blaster and the consequential need of more reactors to power them, the Williwaw cooling wasn't anymore always enough. They developed this cooling outfit to avoid overheating when they want to use many Ionic Blasters at once."

outfit `"Babreii" Afterburner`
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 130000
	thumbnail "outfit/afterburner hai"
	"mass" 10
	"outfit space" -10
	"engine capacity" -10
	"afterburner thrust" 19.0
	"afterburner fuel" .28
	"afterburner heat" 7.2
	"afterburner effect" "afterburner"
	description "Considered nothing more than a relic from the past among many Hai, this afterburner is one of their most ancient designs and that has received very small modifications in the last centuries. Only a small part of the Hai still use them."

outfit "Ionic Rifle"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 19000
	thumbnail "outfit/hai ionic rifle"
	"capture attack" 1.2
	"capture defense" 1.7
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "After the end of the Korath raids, most of the Hai stopped designing new weapons, included those intended to harm other Hai. The Unfettered instead projected this new rifle, with the capacity of shooting ionized shots in fast succession with a higher charge than the ones fired by the older Pulse Rifle."

outfit "Heavy Laser Rifle"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 14500
	thumbnail "outfit/heavy laser rifle"
	"capture attack" 1
	"capture defense" 1.4
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "The Heavy Laser Rifle is a recent invention of Kraz Cybernetics, an upgrade from the outdated weapon so common on many ships. While it is substantially better in than its base model, the cost is also much higher due to the materials used in its construction."

outfit "Professional Security Station"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 65000
	thumbnail "outfit/professional security station"
	"mass" 3
	"outfit space" -3
	"capture defense" 6.3
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "This defensive barrier is based on the original Security Station, but is much more recent. It has two blast doors in case the boarders can blow up one and features a turret connected to a computer placed on the other side of the barricade, where a crew member can safely control it."
